[enterprise-4.12]OCPBUGS#16845: allocateLoadBalancerNodePorts support release notes (#63650)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-12-release-notes.adoc

Previously, for clusters that use the xref:../networking/ovn_kubernetes_network_provider/about-ovn-kubernetes.adoc#about-ovn-kubernetes[OVN-Kubernetes network plugin], during cluster installation you could enable hybrid networking so that your cluster supported Windows nodes. Now you can enable hybrid networking after installation. For more information, see xref:../networking/ovn_kubernetes_network_provider/configuring-hybrid-networking.adoc#configuring-hybrid-networking[Configuring hybrid networking].

[id="ocp-4-12-networking-networkapi"]

> ==== Support for allocateLoadBalancerNodePorts in Service object of Network API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
==== Support for allocateLoadBalancerNodePorts in the Network API service object
```

> The `ServiceSpec` component in Network API under the `Service` object describes the attributes that a user creates on a service. The `allocateLoadBalancerNodePorts` attribute within the `ServiceSpec` component is now supported from {product-title} 4.12.28 release onwards. The `allocateLoadBalancerNodePorts` attribute defines whether the `NodePorts` will be automatically allocated for services of the `LoadBalancer` type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ServiceSpec` component in the Network API under the `Service` object describes the attributes that a user creates for a service. The `allocateLoadBalancerNodePorts` attribute within the `ServiceSpec` component is now supported as of {product-title} 4.12.28. The `allocateLoadBalancerNodePorts` attribute defines whether the `NodePorts` for `LoadBalancer` type services are automatically allocated.
```

Author: Thanks for the great comments, Agil!
For couple of suggestions above, I would keep it the same for consistency with the API docs [here](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.12/rest_api/network_apis/service-v1.html#spec).

> For more information, see xref:../rest_api/network_apis/service-v1.adoc#spec[Network API ServiceSpec object]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see xref:../rest_api/network_apis/service-v1.adoc#spec[Network API ServiceSpec object].
```

Author: Typo! Good catch.
